<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>

<!DOCTYPE html [
  <!ENTITY % htmlDTD PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
  %blockedSiteDTD;
]>

<!-- ***** BEGIN LICENSE BLOCK *****
   - Version: MPL 1.1/GPL 2.0/LGPL 2.1
   -
   - The contents of this file are subject to the Mozilla Public License Version
   - 1.1 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
   - the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at
   - http://www.mozilla.org/MPL/
   -
   - Software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" basis,
   - WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License
   - for the specific language governing rights and limitations under the
   - License.
   -
   - The Original Code is mozilla.org code.
   -
   - The Initial Developer of the Original Code is
   - Netscape Communications Corporation.
   - Portions created by the Initial Developer are Copyright (C) 1998
   - the Initial Developer. All Rights Reserved.
   -
   - Contributor(s):
   -   Adam Lock <adamlock@netscape.com>
   -   William R. Price <wrprice@alumni.rice.edu>
   -   Henrik Skupin <mozilla@hskupin.info>
   -   Jeff Walden <jwalden+code@mit.edu>
   -   Johnathan Nightingale <johnath@mozilla.com>
   -   Sean Murphy <murph@seanmurph.com>
   -   Smokey Ardisson <alqahira@ardisson.org>
   -   Christopher Henderson <trendyhendy2000@gmail.com>
   -
   - Alternatively, the contents of this file may be used under the terms of
   - either the GNU General Public License Version 2 or later (the "GPL"), or
   - the GNU Lesser General Public License Version 2.1 or later (the "LGPL"),
   - in which case the provisions of the GPL or the LGPL are applicable instead
   - of those above. If you wish to allow use of your version of this file only
   - under the terms of either the GPL or the LGPL, and not to allow others to
   - use your version of this file under the terms of the MPL, indicate your
   - decision by deleting the provisions above and replace them with the notice
   - and other provisions required by the LGPL or the GPL. If you do not delete
   - the provisions above, a recipient may use your version of this file under
   - the terms of any one of the MPL, the GPL or the LGPL.
   -
   - ***** END LICENSE BLOCK ***** -->

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="blacklist">
  <head>
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="chrome://global/skin/netError.css" type="text/css" media="all" />

    <script type="application/javascript" src="chrome://global/content/strres.js"/>
    <script type="application/javascript"><![CDATA[
      // Error url MUST be formatted like this:
      //   about:blocked?e=error_code&u=url
      
      // Note that this file uses document.documentURI to get
      // the URL (with the format from above). This is because
      // document.location.href gets the current URI off the docshell,
      // which is the URL displayed in the location bar, i.e.
      // the URI that the user attempted to load.

      function getErrorCode()
      {
        var url = document.documentURI;
        var error = url.search(/e\=/);
        var duffUrl = url.search(/\&u\=/);
        return decodeURIComponent(url.slice(error + 2, duffUrl));
      }

      function getURL()
      {
        var url = document.documentURI;
        var index = url.search(/u\=/);

        // index == -1 if not found; if so, return an empty string
        // instead of what would turn out to be portions of the URI
        if (index == -1)
          return "";

        return decodeURIComponent(url.slice(index + 2));
      }
      
      /**
       * Attempt to parse the result of getURL and extract a hostname.  Fail back
       * to getURL so that we always return something meaningful.
       */
      function getHostString()
      {
        return document.location.hostname;
      }
      
      function initPage()
      {
        // Handoff to the appropriate initializer, based on error code
        switch(getErrorCode()) {
          case "malwareBlocked" :
            initPage_malware();
            break;
          case "phishingBlocked" :
            initPage_phishing();
            break;
        }
        // Give the overlay a sane initial focus, the default button
        document.getElementById("getMeOutButton").focus();
      }        
      
      /**
       * Initialize custom strings and functionality for blocked malware case
       */
      function initPage_malware()
      {
        // Remove phishing strings
        var el = document.getElementById("errorTitleText_phishing");
        el.parentNode.removeChild(el);

        el = document.getElementById("errorShortDescText_phishing");
        el.parentNode.removeChild(el);

        el = document.getElementById("errorLongDescText_phishing");
        el.parentNode.removeChild(el);

        // Set sitename
        document.getElementById("malware_sitename").textContent = getHostString();
        document.title = document.getElementById("errorTitleText_malware")
                                 .innerHTML;
      }
      
      /**
       * Initialize custom strings and functionality for blocked phishing case
       */
      function initPage_phishing()
      {
        // Remove malware strings
        var el = document.getElementById("errorTitleText_malware");
        el.parentNode.removeChild(el);

        el = document.getElementById("errorShortDescText_malware");
        el.parentNode.removeChild(el);

        el = document.getElementById("errorLongDescText_malware");
        el.parentNode.removeChild(el);

        // Set sitename
        document.getElementById("phishing_sitename").textContent = getHostString();
        document.title = document.getElementById("errorTitleText_phishing")
                                 .innerHTML;
      }

      /**
       * Handle keypress events in the overlay. Click the default button
       * if the enter/return key was pressed.
       */
      function handleKeypress(anEvent)
      {
        var outButton = document.getElementById("getMeOutButton");
        if (anEvent.which == 13) {
          outButton.click();
          return true;
        }
        return false;
      }
    ]]></script>
    <style type="text/css">
      /* CSS rules to make the buttons appear somewhat like a Mac OS X dialog.
         These probably belong in netError.css, but Firefox had similar weird 
         style rules here. */
      #ignoreWarningButton {
        /* Per HIG, there should be 24px between dangerous buttons and other
           buttons. The buttons have a 6px margin on each side by default
           (beginning after the 1px shadow) and the whitespace node between the
           buttons takes 4px. Since Cocoa does not consider the shadow to be
           part of the button’s width, use 12px as margin-right to achieve 24px
           of space between the two buttons. */
        margin-right: 12px;
      }

      #getMeOutButton {
        /* Align the button’s right edge with the right edge of the 
           border-bottom from the errorShortDesc div. */
        margin-right: -2px;
      }

      #buttons {
        text-align: right;
      }
    </style>
  </head>

  <body onkeypress="handleKeypress(event)">
    <div id="errorPageContainer">
    
      <!-- Error Title -->
      <div id="errorTitle">
        <h1 id="errorTitleText_phishing">PhishingTitleText</h1>
        <h1 id="errorTitleText_malware">MalwareTitleText</h1>
      </div>
      
      <div id="errorLongContent">
      
        <!-- Short Description -->
        <div id="errorShortDesc">
          <p id="errorShortDescText_phishing">PhishingShortDescText</p>
          <p id="errorShortDescText_malware">MalwareShortDescText</p>
        </div>

        <!-- Long Description -->
        <div id="errorLongDesc">
          <p id="errorLongDescText_phishing">PhishingLongDescText</p>
          <p id="errorLongDescText_malware">MalwareLongDescText</p>
          <p id="errorLongDescText_whyBlocked">MoreInformationText</p>
        </div>
        
        <!-- Action buttons -->
        <div id="buttons">
          <!-- Commands handled in BrowserWrapper -->
          <xul:button xmlns:xul="http://www.mozilla.org/keymaster/gatekeeper/there.is.only.xul"
                      id="ignoreWarningButton" label="IgnoreWarningButtonLabel"/>
          <xul:button xmlns:xul="http://www.mozilla.org/keymaster/gatekeeper/there.is.only.xul"
                      id="getMeOutButton" label="GetMeOutButtonLabel" default="true"/>
        </div>
      </div>
    </div>
    <!--
    - Note: It is important to run the script this way, instead of using
    - an onload handler. This is because error pages are loaded as
    - LOAD_BACKGROUND, which means that onload handlers will not be executed.
    -->
    <script type="application/javascript">initPage();</script>
  </body>
</html>
